1. Update the Location of the document where Name is "Chriss" to "Burundi".

- db.Flacko.updateOne({Name: "Chriss"}, {$set: {Location: "Burundi"}})

[
  { "Name": "Chriss", "Age": 18, "Location": "Burundi", "Sex": "M" },
  { "Name": "Justin", "Age": 24, "Location": "USA", "Sex": "M" },
  { "Name": "Amina", "Age": 30, "Location": "Kenya", "Sex": "F" },
  { "Name": "Smith", "Age": 13, "Location": "Ghana", "Sex": "M" }
]






2. Delete the document where the Name is "Smith".

- db.Flacko.deleteOne({Name: "Smith"})

[
  { "Name": "Chriss", "Age": 18, "Location": "Burundi", "Sex": "M" },
  { "Name": "Justin", "Age": 24, "Location": "USA", "Sex": "M" },
  { "Name": "Amina", "Age": 30, "Location": "Kenya", "Sex": "F" }
]







3. Find all documents where Age is between 18 and 30 exclusive.

- db.Flacko.find({Age: {$gt: 18, $lt: 30}})

[
  { "Name": "Justin", "Age": 24, "Location": "USA", "Sex": "M" }
]






4. Display the Sum Age of all documents as TotalAge in the Flacko collection.

- db.Flacko.aggregate([{ $group: {_id: null, TotalAge: { $sum: "$Age" }}}])



5. Calculate the average Age as AvgAge of all documents in the Flacko collection.

- db.Flacko.aggregate([{ $group: {_id: null,AvgAge: { $avg: "$Age" }}}])

24


6. Add a new field Occupation with the value "Student" to all documents.

- db.Flacko.updateMany({}, {$set: {Occupation: "Student"}})

[
  { "Name": "Chriss", "Age": 18, "Location": "Burundi", "Sex": "M", "Occupation": "Student" },
  { "Name": "Justin", "Age": 24, "Location": "USA", "Sex": "M", "Occupation": "Student" },
  { "Name": "Amina", "Age": 30, "Location": "Kenya", "Sex": "F", "Occupation": "Student" }
]






7. Find the document with the highest Age.

- db.Flacko.aggregate([{$sort:{Age: -1}}, {$limit: 1}])
 
{ "Name": "Amina", "Age": 30, "Location": "Kenya", "Sex": "F" }




8. Find the document with the lowest Age.

- db.Flacko.aggregate([{$sort:{Age: 1}}, {$limit: 1}])






9. Find documents where Location is not "USA".

- db.Flacko.find({Location: {$ne: "USA"}})

[
  { "Name": "Chriss", "Age": 18, "Location": "Burundi", "Sex": "M" },
  { "Name": "Amina", "Age": 30, "Location": "Kenya", "Sex": "F" }
]





10. Count the number of documents where Sex is "F".

- db.Flacko.count({Sex: "F"})



11. Find the document with the second highest Age.

- db.Flacko.aggregate([{$sort: {Age: -1}}, {$skip: 1}, {$limit: 1}])

{ "Name": "Justin", "Age": 24, "Location": "USA", "Sex": "M" }
